---
layout: post
title: A first post
image: /img/kyrie_first.jpg
bigimg: /img/path.jpg
tags: [life]
---
At the very beginning, honestly, I'm not sure how the things will go with this blog, but I do gradually confirm that it's necessary for myself to start a blog like this. I'm not a native English speaker and seldom write in English, but for multiple reasons I'm going to try to put all of this in English. Although I know the process of writing will be error prone and painstaking: the situation where I find it hard to choose proper words to express the exact meaning may occur really often and I'm not writing the idiomatic English. However I believe it's the process itself through which I struggle to disentangle things inside and express it as exactly as possible that counts, thereafter I'll stick to it anyway. 

Recently when I look back into what I've been through during my school days so far, I realize that something of myself critical is missing.It's really hard to describe it straight and exactly but I know it's there. Interestingly it's just like the dilemma I'm facing here, when it comes to something abstract yet important(maybe I should refer to them as philosophical) things, I just get lost and feel helpless. All the time, especially in the important high school period, science students like me are misled to neglect the cultivation in humanities.We study little in history, politics, arts etc,and what we care, actively or passively, is only about memorizing the answers to examination questions and solving mathematic equations(It's ironic that often even the most intriguing part of the science, the logically beautiful reasons and ways theories are developed are not well-demonstrated, even far from that). When I get older and think more and more about myself, about society, about the world, I come to realize that life do have many different yet equally important aspects.      The educational environment(maybe more than that) is to be responsible for the loss but I'm not going to blame for anybody.

After watching some really excellent blogs from others, I'm just getting so touched. The process of keeping track of one's life, both in life and study/research experiences just looks amazingly cool. 